Define order (#8)
stac-extensions/order: README.md

- **Owner**: @emmanuelmathot

This document explains the Order Extension to the [SpatioTemporal Asset Catalog](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec) (STAC) specification.

> This extension allows assets ordering management within STAC specification.  In the context of this extension, the term "order" refers to a request for data to be deliveried, served, or otherwise made available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows assets ordering management within STAC specification.
In the context of this extension, the term "order" refers to a request for data to be delivered, served, or otherwise made available (e.g., after a purchase).
```

This document explains the Order Extension to the [SpatioTemporal Asset Catalog](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec) (STAC) specification.
This extension allows assets ordering management within STAC specification.

> In the context of this extension, the term "order" refers to a request for data to be delivered, served, or otherwise made available (e.g., after a purchase).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of this extension, the term "order" refers to a request for data to be
delivered, served, or otherwise made available (e.g., after a purchase).
```
